# Design Information

## Student Register / Log In (Requirement 1)
* For student registration, the class **"Student"** is added to the design. To keep the student information in 1.a, I added 4 attributes: username, major, seniorityLevel, and email.
* For student log in, since selecting a *student username* is sufficient to log in from 1.c, *student.method* can be used to do any listed applications without further authentication, assuming that *student object name* equals to *student username*.

## Student Applications (Requirement 2)
Students are allowed to (1) add a quiz, (2) remove a quiz they create, (3) practice quizzes other students create, and (4) view quiz score statistics. The last application can be separated into 2 parts: (4-1) view a list of all quizzes done before ordered by the most-recent-first rule and (4-2) view detailed statistics of a quiz when clicking on the quiz. Therefore, five public methods are added to accomplish these applications.

### Add A Quiz (Requirement 3)
* A method **addQuiz()** is added to the Student class. To store a quiz information, the class **"Quiz"** is added to the design with 4 required attributes: quizName, description, wordDefinitionPairs, and definitionPool. wordDefinitionPairs is a list of word-correct definition pairs stored as N tuples. definitionPool is a list which contains 3N incorrect definitions. 
* In preparation for *remove* and *practice* applications, in the Student class, I add an additional attribute quizCreated to keep all quizName created by the student and a private method addQuizCreated() to append a new created quiz once addQuiz is called. Similarly, attribute creater is added in the class Quiz.

### Remove A Quiz (Requirement 4)
A method **removeQuiz()** is added to the Student class. Once the creater is verified, removeQuiz() will call the method removeQuiz() in the Quiz class, which will first call the private method **removeQuizStatistics()** to go over studentStatistics to identify all students who have practiced the quiz and to call the protected method **removeQuizPracticed()** for each of identified Student objects to remove the score statistics associated with that quiz before it wipes out the quiz information. Finally, **removeQuizCreated()** in the Student class deletes quizName in the quizCreated list.

### Practice Quizzes
* A method **practiceQuiz()** is added to the Student class. Once the student is confirmed not to be the creater **(Requirement 5)**, the method **createPracticeSession()** in the Quiz class is called to generate a PracticeSession object.
* The class **PracticeSession** is added to the design. Once createPracticeSession() is called, wordDefinitionPairs is put as the first two elements into wordDefinitionSets in the PracticeSession class; the other three incorrect definitions put as the last three elements are randomly selected from incorrect definition pool generated by the private **incorrectDefinitionPool()** method in the Quiz class called by createPracticeSession(). **(Requirement 6.a.ii)**
* Once the PracticeSession is generated and returned, the method **startPracticeSession()** is called. From now on, the student interacts with the PracticeSession directly, not the Quiz itself.
* A method **answerWordDefinition()** gets the student's answers and puts them in answerWordDefinitionPairs. A method **checkCorrectness()** compares every single answer with one in wordDefinitionSets and displays if correct. **(Requirement 6.a.iii)** cntCorrect changes correspondingly.
* A method **calculateSessionScore()** calculates the precentageCorrect. Then, three methods - **updateStudentStatistics(), updateFirst3StudentScore100(), updateStudentPracticeHistory()** - are called to save the the quiz score statistics in Quiz and to prepare for *view statistics* requests. Among them, studentStatistics keeps Student username, his first score and time, and his highest score and time; first3StudentScore100 keeps the names of the first 3 students who score 100%; studentPracticeHistory keeps scores of all the PracticeSessions. **(Requirement 6.b)**
* After the statistics in Quiz is updated, the update in statistics in Student is also needed. **updateQuizPracticed()** updates quizPracticedMostRecently to the latest date if the student has practiced the quiz before and adds the record to quizPracticedMostRecently if the student practiced the quiz for the forst time. **updateQuizPracticedHistory** records all score and practice time for every quizzes. Finally, the method **printScore()** shows the score to the student. **(Requirement 6.b)**

### View Quizzes List (Requirement 7)
* I assume that the instruction means that the list shows the quizzes a student done before in an order of most-recent-first and the quizzes a student has never practiced in any order. So, the quizName appears only once on the list no matter how many times the student has practiced one particular quiz. 
* In this case, **viewQuizPracticed()** will show a list based on quizPracticedMostRecently sorted by Date. Quizzes which have not be done will be displayed in the end of list in any order.

### View Detailed Statistics Of A Specific Quiz (Requirement 7)
* A method **viewQuizStatistics()** calls the method with the same name in the Quiz class to get studentStatistics, which contains the student's first and highest scores and time, and first3StudentScore100.
* The benefits of doing so are that no duplicate information is stored in both quiz and student and that update actions would be reduced. Student only gets the updated information when sending requests.

## Final Thoughts On The Rest Of Requirements
### Intuitive And Responsive User Interface (Requirement 8)
The user / student can only access 5 allowed actions. All other operations are hidden from them, so they won't get confused, which satisfies the intuitive requirement. However, from the design, it is hard to see if it satisfies responsive requirement.

### Students Would Not Experience Any Considerable Lag (Requirement 9)
As above, it is difficult to tell if this requirement is satisfied by the design. It can only be seen when GUI is implemented.
